after this measure
maybe alicia on December 7
to the notary a letter intention goes both inside the park the phalanx
distal to the world and that still data surely thus proclaims the chancellor
German and you will see a yellow and historical press rada in Tarapacá with
go out
so much that he cited the field the uat so obvious
it is very possible affected with data the weed and do nothing more than that
villalba is trying to make more rigid controls and trust
children's caddy
martina kimi raikkonen chávez added
the first of them present local tournament as it has gone and how they would face
to the qualification session and rubén
for the pp renounce
also the car
he has also claimed I am happy
now
we have there is a
the review of
of things to know if there are changes for good or not
I have to fight against sharpton like it was against all of all of all
hostages
the resale yesterday remove comment and but before band told me that maybe the
car here is not going as well as on other occasions yet it's quiet and
not calm
the car is fine
but for me
for any common law approved in
ed
it's all about him
the price but what
we have a strong republiqueta unemployment
I'm calm it turns out that in parana
an old woman
what has happened before an electronic problem I think the
ambition
the problem
for this he is having a good time
the hill that change everything now of toledo
such as affront aires the cession of qualification activity the toyota no
they go well not venezuela
already the car is not a bad handling
a lot so much this morning
I do not understand much
although before which percent
please
rabadán one hour
it seemed very difficult
and it's hard not because it's very hot and batter more problem is a boy
strong relapse
in it in hannover germany is impressing varied activity after
walk but because this area of ​​the city for green areas the tower
to be able to get away and here is ecstatic qualification the history will pay
the formula 1 that is disputed here when drawing the political press lines
not only appears
backlight
so that this company and Fernando Alonso
publiespaña the defendant be made in all the upper layers of the cia
that's what he's doing now
a flavio briatore is out apaza and montalbán gives the formula 1 advanced I
anna for sportiva afapoc ashton have finished the sidewalks has been so much the
mind and heart hamilton them to dominate
and until here
Alf Maclaren Tambor Besan must return to risk fraud
Ferrari also does not sign once and high of the prd and so williams turn to
darning total that to happen jt to pass to another level thus every letter that is
acting is qualification word and for which position and with Sara
lander aiarza assortments of adamantium essays to transfer to fulham greets
meekly
this band accident to the French the good chopped tower
the german invasion of bremen in singapore so enough mark marlango him
I watched the ultra is gay
the stands where they have always prepared a fantastic in three soft parts
for them to do apology design and if it can not it can not be too
decisive of invested armani balm jeans no inconvenience in which
fernando alonso speak you already know
fernando hill qualification 100 by the type of circuit that does not allow
mistakes not
not in vain but here
berdeja outside
the Syrian government will agree to see if it goes well once facts are proven nothing
veiled lantos the superblandos and comfortable for the clock overcoming moments of that
town does not go faster to a round the man who knew that the other the more
hard
Well, no luck fernando